table-of-content.md, before:

<<<<<<< HEAD
Python Basics Course
====================

---

# Table of Content

## Chap 01: Introduction to Python

- What is Python?
- Why Learn Python?
- Setting Up Python

## Chap 02: Python Syntax and Variables

- Python Statements
- Variables and Data Types
- Working with Strings
- Numeric Operations

## Chap 03: Control Structures

- Conditional Statements (if, else, elif)
- Loops (for and while)
- Control Flow (break, continue, pass)

## Chap 04. Data Structures

- Lists
- Tuples
- Dictionaries
- Sets

## Chap 05: Functions

- Defining Functions
- Parameters and Arguments
- Return Statements
- Scope and Lifetime

## Chap 06: Input and Output

- Input from the User
- Output to the Console
- File I/O

## Chap 07: Error Handling

- Understanding Errors
- Exception Handling (try, except)
- Custom Exceptions

## Chap 08: Python Modules

- Introduction to Modules
- Standard Library Modules
- Creating and Importing Custom Modules

## Chap 09: Basic Python Projects

- Simple Calculator
- To-Do List Application
- Guess the Number Game

## Chap 10: Python Best Practices

- Coding Style (PEP 8)
- Documentation (Docstrings)
- Comments and Naming Conventions

## Chap 11: Resources and Further Learning

- Python Community and Resources
- Advanced Python Topics
- Projects and Challenges
=======
Table of Content
================
>>>>>>> 435e900f2a49fb089164ef22f1ac6a8c20937987

Commit message:

Update the table of content'

table-of-content.md, after:

Python Basics Course
====================

---

# Table of Content

## Chap 01: Introduction to Python

- What is Python?
- Why Learn Python?
- Setting Up Python

## Chap 02: Python Syntax and Variables

- Python Statements
- Variables and Data Types
- Working with Strings
- Numeric Operations

## Chap 03: Control Structures

- Conditional Statements (if, else, elif)
- Loops (for and while)
- Control Flow (break, continue, pass)

## Chap 04. Data Structures

- Lists
- Tuples
- Dictionaries
- Sets

## Chap 05: Functions

- Defining Functions
- Parameters and Arguments
- Return Statements
- Scope and Lifetime

## Chap 06: Input and Output

- Input from the User
- Output to the Console
- File I/O

## Chap 07: Error Handling

- Understanding Errors
- Exception Handling (try, except)
- Custom Exceptions

## Chap 08: Python Modules

- Introduction to Modules
- Standard Library Modules
- Creating and Importing Custom Modules

## Chap 09: Basic Python Projects

- Simple Calculator
- To-Do List Application
- Guess the Number Game

## Chap 10: Python Best Practices

- Coding Style (PEP 8)
- Documentation (Docstrings)
- Comments and Naming Conventions

## Chap 11: Resources and Further Learning

- Python Community and Resources
- Advanced Python Topics
- Projects and Challenges
